Have you ever wondered why men are
saying they want to be with a nice
woman, but the more nice you are to men?
The less interested they seem to be.
Now, the reason for that is because men
fall for women who are mean to them.
Okay? If you're being too nice, you're
being just one of all the others. Hi
guys, and welcome back to my channel. If
you're new here, my name is Michaela and
today I want to talk about why men fall
in love with mean women and how you can
be one of them without being toxic,
without losing your feminine side. Let's
get into this. First of all, I want you
to understand that being mean does not
mean that you should yell at a man, you
should insult him, you should literally
be rude. No. Okay? Being mean has
nothing to do with actually being mean.
Okay? If you're confused now, don't be
worried. All the answers are coming
within the next few minutes. The first
point I want to get into is emotional
control. Men are addicted to women they
cannot control or manipulate
emotionally. Believe it or not, every
single man is trying to push your
buttons to see how much reaction he can
get out of you. When he notices that he
can actually push your buttons and you
will start doing things that you usually
wouldn't do, he will know that he has
power over you. He has emotional control
and power over you and he will use it to
his own benefit. Right? He knows that he
can push you down the walk within a few
seconds, but he knows also that he can
make you feel like you're over the moon
within a few seconds. Let me tell you,
most men are used to women who are
adjusting, overexplaining,
who are having a lot of emotional
reactions to them. If you are being the
mean girl, then you won't do that. A
mean girl is not reacting to him pulling
back. When he's pulling back, he's
expecting you to emotionally react and
ask him what's going on, why he's quiet,
why he's silent, if she did something
wrong. But a mean woman, she is not
going to react. She's unbothered by him
withdrawing for one two days. That's why
emotional regulation is so important.
You need to know how to emotionally
regulate yourself in those situations.
So you won't spiral from whatever he did
or doesn't do because you need to know
as the mean woman, you always love
yourself a little more than you love
him. Doesn't matter if he is the father
of your children, if he is your husband,
or he is simply someone you date. You
need to always love yourself a little
more than you would ever love anyone
else. So, if he disappears for one day,
you're not reaching out, you're not
texting, you're waiting for him to reach
out, and then you seem to be so
unbothered that you almost didn't even
notice that he was gone. Hey, I just saw
this. Hope your week is going well. You
cannot panic when he gets cold, okay?
You need to keep your calm under any
circumstances. That's why also Slavic
girls are being so admired by men
because they are being emotionally cold
a little bit. They are unfortunately not
showing that much love but also they are
not panicking because they are
unbothered. They know that he is not the
only man. What they have to do is to
stay calm, to stay cold and if he wants
his way back, he needs to prove that he
deserves his way back. Okay. A man
always feels the silence more than any
reaction. The less you react to whatever
he does, the more interesting you
become. The second point is self-esteem.
Confidence and boundaries within that
confidence. When you have a high
self-esteem means you're confident
within your skin. You know what you
bring to the table. You know who you
are. You know that you are admired by so
many other men. and he's not the only
man. So whenever he is doing something
that is out of your boundaries,
something that you won't tolerate,
you're not going to inconvenience
yourself. You're not going to let him
step over your boundaries because you
know that's not someone you're going to
accept. You have so many more options
and you need to sort the man out. Now,
when you're confident, you are enforcing
your boundaries. You won't accept anyone
in your life who doesn't respect you and
your boundaries. The thing is that nice
women, they think they are going to lose
a man by setting boundaries, by
enforcing their boundaries. But it's
actually the exact opposite. If you are
being nice and you are giving away your
boundaries, you're letting him step over
your boundaries. You're saying more or
less, hey, I'm easy. I do not require
that much. Do with me whatever you want.
And also my word doesn't count anything.
If I say I do not respect you yelling at
me, but then you keep yelling at me and
there are no consequences,
what will you think about me? You will
think that my word doesn't mean
anything, you can't respect my word.
Okay? If he raises his voice and you cut
the conversation and you say, "I don't
talk to you in this tone." and you
remove yourself immediately from that
situation or you are hanging up the
call, then he knows this is a boundary
he cannot cross. And if he wants to come
back, he needs to apologize and come up
with a plan on how to never make this
happen again. Otherwise, you're not
interested in him. Now, why do men like
this? Men like this because the more
emotional boundaries you have and set
and enforce them, the more he is forced
to step up if he truly likes you. Okay?
I'm not talking about men who are here
to play with you, who are here to have
you for one night because obviously
these type of men, they will be getting
annoyed from your boundaries, from your
standards, from your expectations and
they will disappear, which is fine.
Okay? these type of men anyways you
don't need in your life and the earlier
you realize that the earlier you remove
them the more you protect your time and
the most valuable asset in your life is
actually your time and you need to
protect your time as much as possible so
you don't waste your precious lifetime
on things and people who do not deserve
it who are not here for long term who
are not sharing your vision
Now, whenever he is, for example, trying
to emotionally dump on you, you're
saying, "Hey, listen. I don't have time
for this right now." You are being kind,
but you're being unbothered by him
trying to push your boundaries, trying
to get more of you than what you
actually are. You're not his therapist.
You're not his mom. You are a woman that
he is dating, that he's in a
relationship with, that he has married,
and you do not fulfill all the other
roles. And the more you set those
boundaries, the more he's understanding
he needs to step up in his masculinity.
He needs to regulate himself because you
are not going to do it. And a man that
sees you as his woman, he would not
emotionally dump you. He would not use
you as his therapist. He would not want
you to mother him because he sees you as
the woman that he wants to impress. He
does not want to show his worst side of
him. If you're truly feminine and in
your mean girl era and he's truly
interested in spending his life with you
or building with you, he doesn't want
you to see him in his worst state. Okay?
And you need to make that clear from the
very beginning. You are not here for a
short time. You're here with intention.
And the intention is to build a union, a
relationship, a marriage. And that
intention has boundaries. Okay?
Ultimately, he feels more masculine
around you. And of course, a man that
feels masculine around you is a man that
wants to spend more time with you. The
next point I want to get into is about
tension and unpredictability. I'm always
telling you that men bond through
challenge, through risk, through
investing time, energy, and effort in a
woman, that's how they actually fall in
love. Now when you are the nice woman
who is giving everything already from
the very beginning, when you are that
type of woman who thinks she needs to
prove and show that she is worthy of
him, he's not going to be interested. He
is not going to madly fall in love with
you because you are being way too easy.
Okay? You're also giving a sign of
desperation and a sign of he is the only
person in your life. He's the only man
interested in you. Now, if you're
thinking about two ice cream shops where
one has a lot of people waiting in
front, you're going to think, "This must
be a really special ice cream shop." And
you're going to take your time and
effort to wait in line to get the ice
cream from that shop. In comparison to
the other shop that might have actual
better ice cream, but there is no
waiting line. Okay? You're going to
think this must be a bad ice cream shop.
This ice cream can't be as good as the
others because there is nobody waiting
in front. Now, in dating, that's nothing
else. When he thinks that you have so
many options, that you're being a
desired woman on the market, he's going
to be more interested in you, and he
will want to invest more time and effort
in you to win you over. And again, the
more he invests, the more he likes you.
The more effort, time, money, gifts,
whatever he invests, the less likely
he's going to let you go. Now, how you
do that is by simply not being 100%
accessible all the time. And also being
a bit distant, but not 100% distant and
cold. It must be the balance between
being soft and sweet and being distant.
Example, he sends you a message after
your first date. He says he had such a
great time and he can't wait to see you
again. You, as the mean woman, reply a
bit distant but warm with a I had a nice
time, too. Nothing more, nothing else,
not another text. Let it sit and let it
wait. or when he's asking very personal
questions too early for you that you
simply do not want to share yet rid of
that thought that if you don't share it
you will disappoint him you need to
think do I really want to share that and
also how can I make this be a little bit
unpredictable
and you say something like I will share
more when I feel more comfortable that's
it this creates slightly tension slight
slightly unpredictability
and this is going to make him feel
alive. This is activating his hunter
instinct and he will want to pursue even
more. Keep in mind this is not a game.
This is selfrespect. Okay, that's why
it's so important that you have high
self-esteem, high self-confidence, so
you're automatically setting high
boundaries, setting high standards, and
setting high expectations. The fourth
point I want to get into is to make him
feel like you are out of his league. As
I already mentioned in the previous
point, when he knows or he thinks that
you have many more options that you are
so admired and desired by others, he
will want you even more. You actually
need to have more options to choose. You
cannot focus on only one man. Okay? It's
very unlikely that when you're focusing
on one man that you are able to turn off
your emotions, thinking with your
logical brain. Mean women, they think
with their logical brain as long as
possible. And having options is making
that more easy. If you have very high
standards, only having options will make
it possible for you to actually choose
someone that fulfills your standards.
and expectations. Now, if he is a man
that for example doesn't pull your
chair, then he should be already out
because that should be one of your
standards that he is a gentleman. And
the more you sort men out, the more you
also give to understand to other men,
hey, I have so many options, but I'm
sorting them out like I wouldn't have
any emotions because I want someone that
meets my standards. Now these eligible
men that you are dating are trying to
meet your standards. They are not
playing around because they know that
you will be sorting them out if they're
not treating you the way you want to be
treated. Also, this helps you to be a
bit more detached. If you are dating
more men at the same time without
sleeping with them, okay, then you are
being more unbothered and more detached
by whatever one man is doing. Let's say
he's cancelling last minute. You are
detached and you know that you have
options. You can simply go out with your
girls. You can go out with another man.
You do not rely on him. But he has still
the chance to prove himself that he is
worthy of you. The next point is
selfsufficiency.
As I already mentioned, mean women are
not really mean. They simply have their
own life going on and they are more
unbothered. So whatever makes you be
more unbothered, whatever helps you to
be detached is part of what makes you be
the mean woman. Okay? Now, if you're
self-sufficient, that means that you
have your own life going on. You have
your friends, you have your hobbies, you
have your job or your business or your
projects. You are busy with your own
life. So whenever he's cancelling last
minute, whenever he's doing something
that is not aligned with your standards
and expectations, you have it easy to do
something else. Regulate your emotions
to not react to his absence. You do not
rely on his attention. You do not rely
on his money, effort, love. You don't
rely on anything that he gives you
because you are self-sufficient in all
areas of your life. Okay? Everything
that he gives you is a bonus because
that's the standard you set for
yourself. But not because you need it to
survive. You need it to be happy. You
need it to be the best version of
yourself. And here it's also very
important to differentiate needing a man
and needing a man. Okay? A man wants to
feel needed by you. He wants you to ask
him for help, to ask him to get things
done for you. He wants to feel needed.
Yes. But he doesn't want to feel like
the source of your happiness, your
financial situation, your confidence,
because then he knows he's in control of
it. You never want to make a man feel
like he's in control of any aspect of
your life because believe me or not,
he's going to use it for his own
benefit. Okay? All men are doing that.
It's simple human psychology. If you
know that you're in control of
something, of course, you're going to
use it for your own benefit. If you love
a man and you know you can control him
to stay with you even though he might
doesn't want to stay with you, you're
going to use it and he is going to use
it too. So you do not want ever to make
him feel like he is in control of any
aspect of your life. And that's why you
need to be self-sufficient in all of
these areas. Okay? Meaning that your
life does not collapse without him. And
then a man senses that you are not
bargaining for his attention. You are
not settling for crumbs. You're simply
having your standards and he is either
meeting your standards and expectations
or he is not. And you're going to find
someone who will. Keep in your mind men
fall harder for women who always choose
themselves over a relationship. You
always need to love yourself a little
more than you love him or your
relationship. Okay. And the last point,
a woman who is mean is reciprocating
whatever the man brings to the table.
When a man brings inconsistency, she is
going to be unavailable. When he
withdraws, she stops engaging. When he
disrespects a boundary, she is
distancing. See, this actually has
nothing to do with being mean, but so
much to do with self-respect. When you
respect yourself enough to not let any
malbehavior of a man's life, to not let
any inconsistency or any kind of
behavior that doesn't reflect your
expectations and standards in a man, you
do not threaten or lecture him or
explain to him how he should treat you,
right? You are simply responding with
your absence. A mean woman is always
responding with absence instead of
trying to explain to a man how to treat
her. Right? This teaches a man that your
time is a privilege and not something
that is guaranteed no matter what he is
doing. Some women think when they are
lashing out, when they are screaming,
yelling, when they are threatening, they
are punishing a man. But it's not okay.
Men live off your energy. And whenever
you are present with them, whenever you
talk to them, if good or bad, whenever
you pour energy into him or the
relationship and connection, he is
driving off it. Then this is not a
punishment for him. He is still being
rewarded with your presence. The only
way you can kind of punish a man, set
boundaries, and make it clear what you
will accept and what you won't accept is
by removing your presence. You need to
remove your energy, attention, and
effort from a man to make him realize
that he had done wrong. I get so often
the question on my Instagram page, women
asking me if their man will ever change
that he says he's going to change. He's
going to do things differently. But I'm
always telling you ladies, yes. Everyone
is capable of changing themselves, their
lives, their behaviors, their values,
their desires, etc. But not with you on
his side. A man is never going to change
with a woman's presence on his side.
Okay? The only thing that he understands
when you are on his side is that it's
actually not so bad. The effort that he
is giving right now is fine because you
are still there. You can explain,
complain, talk, teach, lecture him as
much as you want. He's not going to
understand until you leave. That's why
the mean woman is actually not mean. She
simply knows how to respect her. And she
knows when to remove her presence and
attention from a man. Not because she
wants to play games, but because she
knows what she deserves and tolerates
and what she doesn't. Anyways guys, I
hope this could help. And if you want to
know exactly what to do, when to do, how
to set boundaries, which boundaries to
set, and how to spot a true provider,
download my ebook, The Queen Treatment.
Link is below. Thank you so much for
watching. I love you so, so much, and I
see you in my next video. Bye-bye.